Sasha/chore/pro 2612 switch UI kit monorepo to changesets (#142)
propeldata/ui-kit: CONTRIBUTING.md

To thoroughly test your feature or bug fix across different React versions (16.8.0, 17.0.0, and 18.0.0), utilize the
React sample apps. These apps are specifically designed for manual testing of components. It is crucial to ensure
compatibility with each React version. Keep in mind that using React 17 or React 18 specific features in the components
is not permitted, as it would cause compatibility issues with other versions. Maintaining cross-version support is
essential for maintaining the functionality of the components.

Feel free to customize the React sample apps according to your needs for testing specific features or bug fixes.
However, it is crucial to maintain synchronization of these modifications across all React versions.

### Release Procedure

The release process with [Changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) is designed to automate versioning and
package publishing, streamlining the process for consistency and reliability. Here's how the release process works:

1. Include a changeset file with each pull request by running `npx changeset` or `yarn changeset`. This file describes
   the changes and suggests the appropriate version bump.

> 1. After merging a pull request, the `publish-release` GitHub Action will automatically create a release candidate PR

Reviewer: Use 1., 2., 3., etc., here? Easier to read the plaintext markdown.

> 1. After merging a pull request, the `publish-release` GitHub Action will automatically create a release candidate PR

Reviewer: Is "release candidate" the right word here? It sounds like this is the PR that will create the actual release?

```suggestion
2. After merging a pull request, the `publish-release` GitHub Action will automatically create a canary PR
```

   with the name "Version Packages".
1. Review the changes in the "Version Packages" Pull Request, which includes the updated package versions and
   changelogs. Once you're satisfied, merge this pull request into the main branch.
1. After merging into the main branch, the `publish-release` GitHub Action will automatically run, triggering
   `npx changeset publish` which publishes the updated packages to NPM, and creates a git tag for the release, which
   will be used to create a GitHub Release.

#### Canary Builds

If you want to test changes before a final release, you can manually trigger the `publish-canary` GitHub Action to
publish a pre-release version, also known as a "canary". This will create a snapshot of your branch and publish it to
NPM under a unique pre-release tag.

1. Go to the Actions tab in GitHub

> 1. Click on the `publish-canary` workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the `publish-canary` workflow
```
